# Honors-Thesis
Abstract:
There are many popular news aggregators, such as Feedly and Reeder, that allow users to stay up to date with content from their favorite RSS feeds. While these services offer some convenience features, such as auto refreshing and content blocking, most of them require some sort of action from the user to continue working. Whether it be having to manually refresh a feed, switch between tabs, or delete uninteresting content from their window, these services often distract the user from performing other tasks while their RSS feeds are parsed. In this thesis, a desktop appliance is presented, called FeedRadio, that possesses some of the best convenience features of the top news aggregators and provides a level of content filtering that is not present in any of the alternatives. This appliance will simultaneously parse four feeds, asking the user to specify a feed url, a feed type (news or weather), the number of entries to parse through, any content filter keywords, and whether or not they want to have content matches sent to their email. For news feeds, the filter keywords apply to both the title of the article and the entire body text of the article. This appliance will take all of these preferences into account and parse only the RSS feed content that the user wants to see. These personalization features, along with its automatic feed refreshing and compact design, allow it to be an appliance that can be left alone on a desktop or kitchen counter while it parses and displays appropriate feed content. 
